
PUT YOUR NAME HERE: Neha Bhasin

NOTE: If you are working by yourself (no teammates), then use this file
(self_reflection_1.txt).  If you are working with teammates, then the order
of the names in your team repository determines who uses which of the three
self_reflection_X.txt files, as per this example:
   For team     csse120-202110-andersm3-morrisnc-sheerimm
     -- anderssm3 must use   self_reflection_1.txt
     -- morrisnc  must use   self_reflection_2.txt
     -- sheerimm  must use   self_reflection_3.txt
Another example:
   For team     csse120-202101-kintnecm-rams-harristj
     -- kintnecm  must use   self_reflection_1.txt
     -- rams      must use   self_reflection_2.txt
     -- harristj  must use   self_reflection_3.txt

Then answer the following questions.
Answers can be BRIEF, but we expect them to be THOUGHTFUL answers.

1.  Explain, in a sentence or two, something that SURPRISED you
    after you began working on your project.

    What surprised me was I knew more than I thought I did, and anything I did
    not know how to do I was able to use testing and outside sources to figure out.
    I just did not realize over the course that I learned the process for finding
    solutions to something ideas I came up with.

2.  Identify something that you would have done DIFFERENTLY in your project,
    with hindsight.  Then explain, in a short paragraph, how you did that
    something (in your actual project), how you would have done it differently,
    why you would do it differently, and how you would encourage yourself
    to do it (or its equivalent) differently in future projects.

    I would have created a game class so that restarting the game would be easier.
    Right now you just have it waiting a couple seconds before you press space bar
    to restart, but it is not very fluid because it has to completely go through the
    obstacle before you can restart.

3.  Identify something that you are particularly PROUD of your work in your
    project.  Explain, in a short paragraph, what it is, why you are proud
    of it, and how you will encourage yourself to do it (or its equivalent)
    similarly in future projects.

    In general, I am proud of how I worked through coding the game. I broke it down
    into little pieces and every time I encountered a problem I made little changes
    to figure out how I could fix it. I drew stuff out and went in with a list of what
    was going to be in each class. After breaking it down and figuring stuff out, I was
    just solving little problems so to see it all come together with every part working
    is what I am proud of, and I will use that approach to coding in the future. If I
    had to pick something specific I would say setting up the loop for the obstacles at
    random or the high score because I learned how to have my program write on to a file.
